1. `toCl` quotes character string when not expecting it to, as a user of the tool outside of the development of the Code4i product.  Looking at source code I see that it defaults to quoting when it sees the text in lower case (smart).  But is there a way to just skip the quoting part for a particular command keyword?

2. `toCl` does not know how to take into account (properly) command keywords with the potential for more than one value.  For instance, the command CRTBNDRPG has a keyword OPTION() that allows a list of specific options.  If I pass it a list and any of the values happen to be typed in lower case then entire string is quoted and I end up with something like this, "OPTION('*XREF *GEN')".  This just an example to easily represent the issue, the issue is more prevalent on commands with keywords that allow multiple value but the values are not restricted. 

3. `showCustomInputs` and commands that have multiple value capability keywords.  Currently there isn't away to allow for multiple value inputs for commands that allow for more than one input selection.  E.G., CRTBNDRPG keyword OPTIONS() allows for a list of up to 20 values.   When creating an custom action, that you need to allow for the feature to accept more than one value, the default assumed input process does not quite work.  The method used to determine if the input needs to be just a `input` or a `select` only pertains to the values list of the special pattern "${N|T|V}" string is not designed to easily determine if the keyword needs something other than an `input` or `select`. 

4. `showCustomInputs`, have an option or permanent change to allow for `combobox` attributes.  There are commands that allow for a specific value in the keyword or from a list of special values.  If I define a keyword pattern that allows for a list of special values, I cannot then type in a specific value.  Would it be valid to allow `combobox` to be applied all the time to the `select` input?

5. `showCustomInputs`, have an optional flag on the action command that causes the Execute and Cancel buttons to be present before "optional" input.

6. `showCustomInputs`, does it have the ability to provide a list of selections and allow for user input?

7. `runSQL`, what harm is there so allow for the -S flag on the qshell `db2` tool?  I hve queries that can produce a long results but most times don't.  The output channel is loaded with long return values that are just mostly blanks. 